Readme.md, before:

# Zomato Backend Authentication API

The Zomato Backend Authentication API is a secure and robust solution designed to facilitate authentication and authorization processes for Zomato's backend systems. As a key component of the Zomato ecosystem, this API ensures that only authorized users and services can access the various functionalities and data offered by the platform.

## Key Features -: 

1. Token-based Authentication: 
- The API utilizes token-based authentication mechanisms to grant access to authorized users. Upon successful authentication, users receive a unique token that must be included in subsequent requests to authenticate their identity.

2. Hashed Password Storage:
- User passwords are securely hashed and stored in the system. When a user logs in, the API hashes the provided password and compares it with the stored hash for authentication, ensuring that passwords are never stored in plaintext and enhancing overall security.

3. Secure Communication: 
- All communication between clients and the authentication API is encrypted using industry-standard protocols such as HTTPS, ensuring the confidentiality and integrity of data exchanged during the authentication process.

4. Scalability:
-  The API is designed to handle a high volume of authentication requests efficiently, making it suitable for use in large-scale applications with millions of users and numerous concurrent requests.


### Register -: 
- http://localhost:8500/api/auth/register

    {
        "username" : "user",
        "email" : "user@gmail.com",
        "phone" : 1234567890,
        "password" : "Pass@123"
    }

### Login -: 
- http://localhost:8500/api/auth/login

    {
        "email" : "user@gmail.com",
        "password" : "Pass@123"
    }


### Profile -: 
- http://localhost:8500/api/auth/profile

### Logout -: 
- http://localhost:8500/api/auth/logout

Commit message:

update documentation add security consideration paragraph

Readme.md, after:

# Zomato Backend Authentication API

The Zomato Backend Authentication API is a secure and robust solution designed to facilitate authentication and authorization processes for Zomato's backend systems. As a key component of the Zomato ecosystem, this API ensures that only authorized users and services can access the various functionalities and data offered by the platform.

## Key Features -: 

1. Token-based Authentication: 
- The API utilizes token-based authentication mechanisms to grant access to authorized users. Upon successful authentication, users receive a unique token that must be included in subsequent requests to authenticate their identity.

2. Hashed Password Storage:
- User passwords are securely hashed and stored in the system. When a user logs in, the API hashes the provided password and compares it with the stored hash for authentication, ensuring that passwords are never stored in plaintext and enhancing overall security.

3. Secure Communication: 
- All communication between clients and the authentication API is encrypted using industry-standard protocols such as HTTPS, ensuring the confidentiality and integrity of data exchanged during the authentication process.

4. Scalability:
-  The API is designed to handle a high volume of authentication requests efficiently, making it suitable for use in large-scale applications with millions of users and numerous concurrent requests.


## Security Considerations:

1. Authentication Tokens: 
Developers should handle authentication tokens securely to prevent unauthorized access. Tokens should be transmitted over secure channels and stored securely on the client side.

2. Hashed Passwords:
- By hashing passwords, the API ensures that even in the event of a data breach, plaintext passwords cannot be obtained by malicious actors.

3. Input Validation: 
- Input parameters should be validated to prevent injection attacks and other security vulnerabilities.

4. Security Headers: 
- Utilize security headers such as Content Security Policy (CSP) and Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) to mitigate common web security threats.


### Register -: 
- http://localhost:8500/api/auth/register

    {
        "username" : "user",
        "email" : "user@gmail.com",
        "phone" : 1234567890,
        "password" : "Pass@123"
    }

### Login -: 
- http://localhost:8500/api/auth/login

    {
        "email" : "user@gmail.com",
        "password" : "Pass@123"
    }


### Profile -: 
- http://localhost:8500/api/auth/profile

### Logout -: 
- http://localhost:8500/api/auth/logout
